In previous things.
I told you how we are developing this and how we are going with this only.
So in further things, I'm going to mention how this is very efficient.
So as I created everything here.
So this is basically see as we as these are the files are CSV comma separated files I need to create
in tabular manner.
So I'm using here dependency.
Or we can say library which is basically comes Apache.
So for that purpose, what I'm doing here, I'm just use dependency injection.
I mentioned in the import XML that dependency, this dependency.
Me close this so I can use this directly here so you can see this.
So what is a beautiful thing of dependency on dependency injection is I don't want to require download
this each and everything so my ID and spring frame will take care of that to invoke that part.
So these are all about how we are going to do this.
So see, as we record, I need to create one thing so you can create a class for that, or you can mention
that part also.
Holding the.
Okay.
So we need to import that library.
Also, I think there is different thing you can do here is basically all the entries doing and adding
the files here.
If you don't want to put that, you can put the star here and it will invoke that part.
Also, let me show you how I'm going to do this if I'm putting your star, what is happening, you can
see here.
So likewise that I'm going to do this.
So this is basically a terrible thing.
What is the iteration?
Iteration in the if you know, the for loops also or loop looping part is the basically iteration.
So I need to create one loop here.
So why the loop is required as our data is very huge.
I don't want to specify only one string.
I want to go to the next string also until the data is not over.
So I need to mention the loop here.
So let me go to the looping part.
What I'm going to mention is here is so for this looping part, I am going to create.
One loop for each loop, I'm going to create c.
S v.
Record because it's a record thing.
So yes, we record.
Which is basically record.
See as we record.
Record is the default thing you can see here.
Which is basically records.
So this is the looping part.
So I need to mention some location stats here.
So let me go with this location statistics.
So I will tell you what I'm going to do is creating location sites and what is the location stats here,
each and everything.
These are the some default things you need to mention because in my CSV file also these things are there
said country.
Each and everything.
I am going to create that part later with some integer parsing things because these are the latest cases
and previous cases and these are the integers and these things are stored in strings.
But I need to create and integer so I'm changing this to integer part.
Then.
Let me do one thing more here.
Okay.
Well, I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do is here and.
Before these things after the recording.
Okay.
So the significance of this is basically new statistics I mentioned in the statistics each and everything.
So for the thing, let me do one thing here.
It's.
It was not returning.
Let me see that.
Okay.
So there are the errors.
Forget about the errors.
And I will tell you what I'm going to do is here basically.
So this is the all the things I'm going to mention, but I need to mention one annotation, which is
basically run this as a service because my string framework doesn't know this is the Java file or what
is the things?
Things.
So I need to mention it as a service.
So let me.
Enable this as a service.
So I enable this as a service, but.
Let me import Java X also here because annotation doesn't support this.
Okay.
So.
I need to mention Java X annotations then.
Spring framework also because these are some important libraries here I'm going to mention, which is
basically service as a service.
I think now we are.
Then.
So that's it.
I'm going to mention this here.
So it will involve the service part here.
And now what is this doing?
Is it mentioned that it's also servicing with spring framework.
So it will loop it again and again and it will use this as a service.
Consider this as a service.
Before moving further, I need to mention the post construct part also in this phase data virus.
So let me go down here a little bit.
So.
Let me mention this as a post construct.
Post construct is nothing but the main method you can say your.
Was constructed.
And now what is the main thing I'm going to mention is here basically I need to schedule this.
Well, I need to show you this.
There are two things here for the scheduling purpose.
Okay.
So this is the scheduling.
Now, what is the schedule?
Things is going to work.
It will run it again and again with Chron.
Or we can say chronology with some simple things.
Let me mention your Chron.
Is equal to.
In this only.
So one, two, three, four, five, six.
So these are the six we can say symbols of these thing.
And let me specify this gap between all the things.
So this is 4 seconds minutes of our day and all the things here.
So what you can do, it will invoke according to the clock.
So I need to mention and which time period it needs to invoke.
So I'm considering one hour of each day.
Now note that if our file is or we can say this file is updating every day.
Or we can say it's updating in every hour.
You need to mention here, one minute, not this one hour.
So why we require that?
I'm mentioning by the day only by the one hour it will invoke.
But if your data is updating again and again, you need to change this.
So for my case, I'm putting this only.
No need to mention or stress this topic more because this is just a chronological thing.
You can change it to this one and you can put the start here.
So what is the thing it's going to do?
It's going to take care of that part.
So now in the folder thing, I created everything, but I created the services part, but I need to
mention the model part here.
So what is the model part is basically what I'm going to do is I'm going to create one model's thing
to store everything.
As I told you, I created location stats each and everything, but I'm not mentioning it.
As I told in the folder, I created that country each and everything here.
So I need to mention this.
So let me show you.
What I do in this set country is a data entry, each and everything.
So instead of putting this directly in this part, in the services part, what I can do, I can do or
I can move, create one another class to invoke this.
So.
Let me do this in further part, but let me mention this first.
What I'm going to do is go to the project part as I created your services.
Let me create one more thing.
Here is Java class and let me mention everything here.
So first is basically models.
Models is our sub page.
And in this package location stretch, I'm going to add.
So I'm going to store only locations.
I'm not going to store each and everything.
So let me create here class.
Or you can say this is loaded and this is the location class here.
Sometimes it gives error, because I need to specify here one more thing.
He's basically.
In both.
Oh.
It is giving me error because.
I need to import location stats here also.
So let me import this package.
So I mentioned here and why it is.
Let me look.
Okay.
I made one error because.
I mentioned my another failure is not belong to this project.
So okay.
So location stats successfully added.
So we are required with this.
So the further part, I'm going to create one location stats and I'm going to mention how this is going
to work here.
So till this you think understood everything I'm mentioning, I mentioned everything.
So in later part I'm going to deploy location stats and I'm going to create model everything here.
So stick to this project and check for the spring frameworks.
Also you can check and you can see this is loading part and this is the thing I'm going to mention.
So if you want to run it, what you can do, you can just ignore that part and you can print this in
your command prompt.
So I'm not going to do this, but you can do because I never mentioned this part I need to mention in
this location stats only.
So in the further part, let us see how we are going to create location stats each and etc..